One of the.
Keys to apple is apples incredibly collaborative
company.
You...committees we have apple.
...no committees we are organized like a startup.
One person's in charge of iphone os software one
person's in charge of...hardware one person's in charge of iphone
...engineering another person's in charge of worldwide marketing another
person's in charge of operations its were organize like a startup
...the biggest startup on the planet.
We all
meet for three hours once a week and we talk about everything
we're doing the whole business and there's tremendous teamwork at the
top of the company which filters down to tremendous teamwork throughout the company.